Update the container registry examples for `steps.uses` (#1121)
github/docs: content/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions.md

        uses: docker://alpine:3.8
```

##### Example using the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}

`docker://{host}/{image}:{tag}`

A Docker image in the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}.

```yaml
jobs:
  my_first_job:
    steps:
      - name: My first step

>         uses: docker://ghcr.io/cloud-builders/gradle

Reviewer: We could use the existing example from the Packages docs: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/packages/guides/pushing-and-pulling-docker-images#pulling-container-images
```suggestion
        uses: docker://ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME
```

        uses: docker://alpine:3.8
```

> ##### Example using a Github Container Registry

Reviewer: There's some reusable text available for this product name:
```suggestion
##### Example using the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}
```

Author: Cool :-) I was not aware of it.

`docker://{host}/{image}:{tag}`

> A Docker image in a public registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker image in the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}.
```

```yaml
jobs:
  my_first_job:
    steps:
      - name: My first step
        uses: docker://ghcr.io/cloud-builders/gradle
```

##### Example using a Docker public registry action

`docker://{host}/{image}:{tag}`

> A Docker image in a public registry - <sub>[Google Container Registry - GCR](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry)</sub>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker image in a public registry. This example uses the Google Container Registry at `gcr.io`.
```

  my_first_job:
    steps:
      - name: My first step

>         uses: docker://ghcr.io/cloud-builders/gradle

Reviewer 2: "gcr" is for the Google Container Registry, which is probably the right one for "cloud-builders"

Author: Ho ok I was not aware that Google had a container registry. And in that case it should me mentioned somewhere in that place

        uses: docker://alpine:3.8
```

> ##### Example using the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}
##### Example using the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}
```

`docker://{host}/{image}:{tag}`

A Docker image in the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_container_registry %}.

```yaml
jobs:
  my_first_job:
    steps:
      - name: My first step
        uses: docker://ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% endif %}
```
